c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\bin\Debug\DemoApp.exe.config
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\bin\Debug\DemoApp.exe
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\bin\Debug\DemoApp.pdb
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\ClientWindow.baml
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\App.baml
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\ClientWindow.g.cs
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.g.resources
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.exe
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.pdb
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\Captcha.baml
c:\users\itki_07_429m\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\Captcha.g.cs
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\bin\Debug\DemoApp.exe.config
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\bin\Debug\DemoApp.exe
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\bin\Debug\DemoApp.pdb
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\Captcha.baml
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\ClientWindow.baml
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\Captcha.g.cs
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\ClientWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.g.resources
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.exe
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.pdb
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPractice-main\DemoApp\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\bin\Debug\DemoApp.exe.config
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\bin\Debug\DemoApp.exe
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\bin\Debug\DemoApp.pdb
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\bin\Debug\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\bin\Debug\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.csproj.SuggestedBindingRedirects.cache
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\Captcha.baml
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\ClientWindow.baml
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\Captcha.g.cs
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\ClientWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp_Content.g.cs
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp_MarkupCompile.cache
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.g.resources
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.csproj.GenerateResource.cache
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.csproj.CopyComplete
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.exe
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp.pdb
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\DemoApp_MarkupCompile.lref
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\AddWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\AddWindow.baml
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\EditWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\EditWindow.baml
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\OrderWindow.g.cs
C:\Users\AzatYTebiLove\Desktop\DiplomaPracticeTask\DiplomaPractice\DemoApp\obj\Debug\OrderWindow.baml
